1.) Team Assessment

1.) Well

2.) 70%

3.) I learned that its important to ask for help when you need it. Clarification is important, so im thankful for my classmates.

4.) Maybe they learned how to organize a Trello board more effectively from me.

5.) I think if we had done daily meetings and talked more often we couldve been on the same page more often than not. Teammates did not always listen to instructions given from the Sprint documentation and when asked to redo simple tasks they did not oblige. (the video portion of the Sprint in particular)

2.) Member Assessment

SELF Evaluation (Name: Nathaniel Lane)
5 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
4 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
4 - Cooperation with other group members 
3 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
4 - Participation inleading/facilitating discussion
2 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

PEER Evaluation (Name: Dawson Murray)
3 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
5 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
5 - Cooperation with other group members 
3 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
3 - Participation inleading/facilitating discussion
2 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

PEER Evaluation (Name: Braden Skiffington)
2 - Participation in developing ideas and planning project
5 - Willingness to discuss the ideas of others
5 - Cooperation with other group members 
2 - Interest and enthusiasm in project
1 - Participation inleading/facilitating discussion
Explanation: He was busy at work so when he was free, he was told what to do & did it.
2 - Ease and familiarity with discussion material

3.) SELF-REFLECTION

1.) I learned that its important to organize all deliverables and set up times to get work done between members.

2.) I think what went well was that we managed to figure out our issues in a relatively quick manner.

3.) What I would do differently is probably plan daily Stand-up meetings and also get my team members online at the same time for better work flow.

4.) I wish that the instructions were more clear. I was confused because many of the user stories / features were already completed in the provided code from Peter.

4.) PROJECT ASSESSMENT

1.) Im gonna go ahead and guess a total of 8-10 hours were spent on this Sprint between all members combined.

2.) We used YouTube to learn some stuff we had forgotten about and ChatGPT to speed things up.

3.) I got help from Phil, in another group when I was stuck on what I was supposed to do and he helped me out.

4.) I didnt need any help from any instructors.

5.) I think this Sprint was about a 9 out of 10 in difficulty...Im fairly confident I could NOT solve similar but different problems in the future. (Many of my classmates have a similar opinion as me on this and are also struggling. Maybe because theres so much material and so many files and new syntax, my brain couldnt handle it as well as others)
